Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
"Land is the only essential condition
for our existence."
Hasso Krull 2020
The most intoxicating summer
of the last half century in Estonia
is coming to an end.
And I don't agree with those who think
we haven't achieved anything special.
we achieved a lot
and something very important.
And let a thousand winters pass.
we can wait for this special moment.
One day our blue-black-white flag
will be on top of the Tall Hermann tower.
"Year of the Dragon" (1988)
director Andres Sööt
One day. no matter what. we will win!
30 years ago.
when Andres Sööt filmed those shots.
we all believed
that life could only get better.
We wanted to decide for ourselves
the fruits of our labor
and to achieve the same prosperity
as in those countries
that set an example for us
with their culture and people.
Now. in the fall of 2018.
that goal seemed to have been achieved.
but the world around us had changed.
Pope Francis. who visited Estonia.
called on people to turn...
towards ecology.
I started making this movie
because it seemed to me
that we had reached a place from which
the road does not go any further.
Sõrve Peninsula. Saaremaa
One of the reasons for my pessimism
was the publicist Kaupo Vipp.
who. in his books "Global Hangover"
and "Local Healing".
has painted a rather disillusioned picture
of the future of a society
based on infinite economic growth.
We have a complete catastrophic
contradiction between two disciplines.
such as economics and ecology.
Kaupo Vipp
Estonian Association for the Club of Rome
Ecology is really nothing more than -
"oikos" is home and "logos" is a story.
in short. a description
of what this home is like where we live.
Economics - again. "oikos" is home
and "nomus" is teaching.
Teaching on how to live in this home.
But what kind of schizophrenia must it be.
is the description of our home.
of what our home should be like.
is in absolute contradiction
with the nature of the teaching
on how to behave in this home.
Our system is designed
to grow all the time.
there must be economic growth
because there are more and more people.
In the absence of economic growth.
we would increasingly need
to redistribute what we have.
If our civilization continues
in this form.
then it reaches its limit
somewhere between 2030 and 2050.
Then follows the collapse.
Square in front of Parliament
The world had become
more and more restless.
The example of new political movements
soon reached Estonia.
and the existing idols became the enemies.
Suddenly. people were forced
to choose sides again.
There was a new kind of viciousness
and radicalism in the air.
Down with Social Democrats!
This country has become absurd.
since this country is completely alienated
from the masters of this country.
Estonia is a nation state.
Estonia is a country created by Estonians
and our forefathers shed blood
for this land. for us!
There is no force that can change
these established habits or beliefs.
That's where this rather gloomy version
of scenarios comes from for us.
Let's lose the nation state.
let's make a global government.
let's regulate things somehow.
But as long as there are nation states.
they think about their well-being.
and tend to compete with others.
and so the growth continues.
I think it's also absurd. because
the same system can't go on like this.
This same system is still doomed.
whether it is changed in some way or not.
While there was some talk in the autumn
that the system needed to be changed.
the closer to the new year
and the elections.
the less it was reminded.
After all. the economy was growing.
wages were increasing.
department stores were built.
Hello. dear guests. My emotions are high.
Taavi Aas
Mayor of Tallinn
Ladies and gentlemen!
Estonians are doing better and better.
And if our people are doing better.
then there is definitely more reason
to go to the mall.
get some entertainment.
go to a restaurant. go to the cinema.
and it's all available here.
I wish you favorable shopping
and pleasant entertainment.
This was the prologue
at the beginning of the new year.
Thinking of Andres Sööt.
I decided to name this film
also according to the Chinese zodiac.
All the more so since the starting
last year of the cycle
was ruled by the earth element.
which is so important to us.
YEAR OF THE PIG
"Our homeland is our faith.
the land under our feet and our king.
What about their homeland?
What is it. does anyone understand?”
A call to the French
counter-revolutionaries in 1794
You can choose a poster here at the tower.
but please bring it back later.
TOGETHER WE CAN DO EVERYTHING!
WOMEN'S MARCH
Take this one:
"I am not a harmful element to society."
I'll take this one.
"Let the violence be…"
Oh...
RAPISTS AND BEATERS TO JAIL!
Oh!
SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.
WE'RE TRYING TO CHANGE THE WORLD!
Estonian man is not a fool.
he's not afraid of Jewish threats...
Attack!
He smashes red commissars
just like bedbugs…
We won the War of Independence
because we dared and decided to resist
and because we were able to find allies.
And 20 years later.
when this statue was to be opened.
we lost our freedom and our country.
We lost because we decided not to resist.
But the 21st century is much more hopeful
because so many are standing with us
and beside us.
And if you know who is with you.
then it doesn't really matter
who is against you.
Happy New Year!
EVERYONE COUNTS!
FAIR STATE FOR ALL!
FATHERLAND IS PROTECTED
BETTER FUTURE!
ELECTION DEBATE 2019
Today. it is nice to read
that the number of births
exceeds the deaths by four thousand.
The birth rate
is pretty seriously positive.
But in fact. in the coming decades.
the Estonian population will decrease.
It is clear that the world is globalizing.
capital is concentrated in the centers.
And if we think about it in a way
that we'll close all the borders
and isolate ourselves.
then we will disappear instead.
But one day we will be in a situation
where we are in the minority
and whether it will be Estonia anymore.
Thank you!
What awaits the world
is a very big change.
But. I repeat.
there are three whales in our wealth -
forest. oil shale and phosphorite!
INCREASE OF CHILD BENEFIT TO 100 EURO
FOR LOWER TAXES!
FOR A PROSPEROUS ESTONIA!
FAIR STATE FOR ALL!
As if in memory
of the War of Independence.
a hundred years later.
we have been given once again
a brighter and lighter and snowier winter.
But there are still shadows somewhere.
In the beginning there is confusion.
because the world around us is changing.
It makes you angry. then comes swearing.
helping us to tear ourselves apart.
to tear our own society apart.
HELP! WOMAN IS NOT HOME AND PREGNANT!
For Estonia!...
FREE ESTONIA - FREE OF RACISM!
EKRE does not know Estonia!
For Estonia!...
Would you like some?
It is tartar with rice. rabbit meat.
chicken liver pate and carp.
Hello. would you like some?
- Yes. thank you.
It's dawn. a royal blaze.
the victory of light awakens the earth.
The horizon is free.
first ray is falling to our land.
A cry - we'll break everything...
We are a nation
who have not had kingdoms.
who have not had kings.
but who has had something
that many nations that have had kings
and kingdoms have not.
It is the will to survive.
Despite the fact that it is said that
nationalism is Europe's greatest enemy
and Europe should move
into post-nation era.
we refuse to make Estonia
a European province.
Faith will lead us forward.
a heavenly ray is walking with us.
Like so - victory
is just one step away.
just a short step...
The question now is whether
the Estonian state will once again
be able to protect Estonia
as a traditional ecological community
from the Estonians themselves.
Well this country and nation.
they can also be such abstract terms.
but the traditional ecological community?
What are we talking about here?
So you're talking about nature
in an intuitive way?
What I mean.
is a very long-term way
of living together.
where people can communicate
with other living beings
for a very long time and well.
And on the other hand.
the landscape in which they live
acquires a certain cosmic dimension
through tradition.
It was an hour and a half?
- Yes.
We have elections coming soon.
the lists of candidates are ready.
I can't imagine that bears.
elk and plants
will run there
in addition to the citizens.
In fact. bears. elk. foxes. wolves.
pines. birches. aspens. heather.
the whole undergrowth. insects. etc.
should run in the elections.
No. we know. Jüri.
we know that this wish exists.
Let's start ourselves.
Good evening! The most exciting moments
of the year have arrived.
Tomorrow is the election...
And the heavy artillery of Estonian
politics has lined up in the studio.
At stake is nothing less
than victory in the elections.
Seven is ready. Seven's on - go.
Eight thousand Estonians have returned.
- Four and five. Two is ready. go!
The population of Estonia
has grown by 8.000 people.
It needs to be worked on.
- Seven. ready.
We need to invest more in research
and innovation...
I agree with what
has been said here before.
that education is one of the great issues
- Put the titre!
that will help us out
of this trap of mediocrity.
Where does the money come from?
Money comes from the state budget.
- Two. ready!
money comes from economic growth.
and the reduction of bureaucracy.
- Now four!
But why do we have bureaucracy?
- Five. go!
You've been in the government. I haven't.
you should know it better.
I think the kind of false news.
the kind of intimidation
that you. Mart and Kaja. both are doing.
it can not be tolerated in any way.
- Six. ready. Six!
This is the worst you can do
in Estonian society.
There is no way to tolerate your policy!
- Three. Get ready!
This is the worst you can do
in Estonian society.
This is the worst thing you can do
in Estonian society. Exactly.
You scare people...
- You are doing ethnic cleansing.
The Reform Party and the Center Party
could now do the government together.
they have more than 60 votes.
In fact. there is one and the same party.
- Two buttocks on one butt.
Look at this snowflake.
is that a damn party leader?
The money-men
will never gather behind her.
This chick would have been better...
I am very pleased. but not only myself.
but the whole party has done
a fantastic result.
The conservative electorate has given
a strong mandate to both.
us and the Pro Patria Union...
We have been accused of separating people.
of inciting anger.
and I don't know what else.
Populists and radicals and fascists
and nationalists
and what else have we all been?
It's the same rhetoric that Donald Trump
has been hearing for years.
So in that sense. we're doing a Trump.
But we're also doing Trump
in another sense.
What matters is what we think
and without taking
our opinion into account.
there can be no more politics in Estonia.
Helme does not represent us...
OPEN ESTONIA
WOMEN'S RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS
WE ALSO HAVE RED LINES!
IT IS JUST SO EMBARRASSING.
Our Estonia!
Is it or isn't it?
Is it ours or isn't it? Our Estonia!
Our Estonia!
The Center Party and the cynical patriots
want to bring a party to government.
a party whose leaders have threatened
to eliminate the constitutional order.
I believe that the rights of any national.
sexual or religious minorities
should be protected!
It is sad that our people are divided
into right and wrong
because of their identity.
But. no matter what. we will win!
Government residence
WHERE IS THE PRIME MINISTER'S RED LINE?
DON'T SELL HUMAN RIGHTS FOR POWER!
Yes to freedom. not to lies. That's right!
Contact the Reform Party with that.
We'll contact you.
- No. contact the Reform Party.
They fill the media with everyday lies.
- If you say so.
Square in front of Parliament
I'm a half-Estonian half-Russian.
but I love everyone.
Because love is the only thing
our people lack. Love!
Are we ready? Let's say slowly -
yes to freedom!
Let EKRE come to power! They are right.
Yes. yes. yes!
- No. no. no!
Yes. yes. yes! EKRE and Pro Patria!
EKRE to power!
- No. no. no!
Be smart now. let them rule. You see!
PARLIAMENT
As a member
of the Government of the Republic.
I am aware that I have a responsibility
to the Republic of Estonia
and to my conscience.
I solemnly promise to remain faithful
to the constitutional order
of the Republic of Estonia
and dedicate my efforts
to securing the well-being
and future of the Estonian people.
SPEECH IS FREE
Minister of Foreign Trade
and Information Technology Marti Kuusik.
Foreign Minister Urmas Reinsalu.
ERR newsroom
Hello. Thank you. I saw it. understood.
Yes-yes! It arrived now.
Yes! Exactly!
Yeah. Yes. we'll do it. very good.
Throughout my previous professional life.
I have proven that I can do my job well.
when I approach a certain goal.
I get things done.
And maybe that's the biggest reason
why they really want to steer me
away from work.
Maybe we can take a piece
from the show "Ringvaade".
where he talks about his wife
in the third person.
Let's take a piece from there.
Where the Prime Minister asked
whether the rumors about Kuusik
as a perpetrator of domestic violence
were true.
There. she comes out with a face
and then put in sync from here.
I'll tell you then...
- Yeah. okay.
Oh! Yes. it can be so long.
Good evening! Newscast on Monday evening.
Start!
The second government of Prime Minister
Jüri Ratas started work today.
Minister Marti Kuusik is suspected
of serious domestic violence.
In recent months. Estonia has bought
more electricity than sold it.
President Kersti Kaljulaid left
the Parliament hall as a sign of protest
when Minister of Foreign Trade
and Information Technology.
Marti Kuusik took the oath of office.
President Kersti Kaljulaid
wore blue. black and white
in support of freedom of the press...
You could get the sports robot ready.
I stand here in blue. black and white
and say that the word is free.
But is it really? It's mainly in the hands
of our journalists themselves.
The small town of Kuusalu
Take the songbook...
...sang the woods and the sea
and the Estonian people.
Went to play in the forest.
went to sing in the woods.
Went with a song...
Nine's ready. Put nine on the air.
And Ove's on the air...
- Yes. nine's in...
And seven's ready. Seven!
One is ready. One!
The Estonian Song Festival was born
out of love for our country and language.
Through this love.
our people became the Estonian people
and our country became
the Republic of Estonia.
By celebrating the song festival.
we celebrate our mother tongue
and fatherland.
so that we can bequeath them
to our children
and last in the winds of eternity forever.
"What fatherland?...
Now I love only my children's land."
Friedrich Nietzsche
"Thus Spoke Zarathustra"
President Konstantin Päts.
speaks in 1938
Instead of the former large manors.
you can now see
tens of thousands of free farms.
who peacefully cultivate their land
and participate as full citizens
in the reconstruction of their country.
Where there were previously
empty meadows and bushes.
large industries with thousands of people
have come to life.
We have launched a new industry.
it is our oil shale
and our land now gives us
various precious substances.
which our scientists are currently
studying in their laboratories.
I am deeply sorry and embarrassed
that my generation
and generations older than me
have put your future in such danger.
Your life will not be as good
as it has been for me.
Mihkel Kangur
geographer
And what lies ahead
is only a suffering and violent future.
There is not much we can do
to prevent this.
since time is running out.
THE CLIMATE IS CHANGING.
WHY AREN'T WE?
We have a lot to learn from birds.
There are not many Estonian birds.
all birds are global.
Marek Strandberg
scientist
They have a bird's eye view of the world.
Our swallow is also
a South African swallow.
There are birds that live in Estonia
as well as in the North Pole
and the South Pole.
and understanding them shows us
that man must also be like a bird.
A beautiful distant planet
in the winds of the Milky Way.
Long roads of light lead to it.
Another mystery is
whether there is anyone?
Waiting for us.
leaving tracks on the way.
A beautiful distant planet. Ah...
5-8-1-C. ah...
I'm on my way. Ah...
Of course it's a very aggressive schedule.
it's very ambitious -
building a 103 km tunnel between
Helsinki airport and lake Ülemiste.
But on the other hand.
CRSC has built 18.000 km
of railway tunnels in China alone.
so building a hundred kilometers more
is not a big deal.
Beautiful distant planet.
we still have time
to reach you in the light of the stars.
A beautiful distant strange planet...
The direction in which the world is moving
depends on our decisions.
I urge you. I urge myself
to have a sincere passion
for caring for the world.
I want us young people
to think with our own heads.
So that we do not listen to
what is being fed to us
by large corporations.
WE HAVE NO PLANET B
I wish that we. young people.
would not care so much about money
or our own well-being.
but that the world would really become
even a little better
as a result of our actions.
WE HAVE ONE EARTH
We are the first generation to realize
that we are destroying our planet
and the last generation
who can make a difference.
This concerns us all. and we are all
obliged to deal with it. Now.
WATER AND AIR. TWO THINGS ON WHICH
LIFE DEPENDS. HAVE BECOME A TRASHCAN
We want people in government to panic.
It's no longer an option.
it's an obligation in order to survive.
Yes to renewable energy!
No to oil shale!
Louder!
Yes to renewable energy!
No to oil shale!
Raise the banners!
Yes to renewable energy!
No to oil shale!...
SAVE ESTONIA! GARBAGE OFF THE GROUND!
ANIMALS KEEP DYING OUT!
We move winding toward the sunset.
by day we measure a vast stretch of road.
Our hearts are satisfied. we are glad.
we all rejoice
that in the footsteps of the sunset
a rejuvenating morning follows.
that from the morning
a new sunny road begins.
That in the footsteps of the sunset
a rejuvenating morning follows.
that from the morning
a new sunny road begins.
Our faces are turned toward the sunset.
our hearts are satisfied. we are glad
that dawn follows neck and neck
in the footsteps of the sunset.
even before it has time to die.
That in the footsteps of the sunset
a rejuvenating morning follows.
that from the morning
a new sunny road begins.
Beautiful is the land.
beautiful is the land.
beautiful. beautiful.
beautiful is the land I love.
We move winding toward the sunset.
by day we measure a vast stretch of road.
our hearts are satisfied. we are glad.
Beautiful is the land.
beautiful is the land.
beautiful. beautiful.
beautiful is the land I love.
beautiful is the land
I love.
"We know - the earth does not belong
to man. man belongs to the earth."
Chief Seattle. 1854
On Thursday. the cornerstone was laid
for the railway
with the Central European gauge.
which connects the Baltics with Poland.
This week. the ministers of EKRE
have tried to give the impression.
that there's something wrong in Estonia
if a minister cannot kick the door open
and see what's inside?
It is 13:05 in Tallinn...
We saw a high-ranking national official
sacrificed for political reasons.
Last week in Strasbourg.
the European Parliament voted
that we have a climate disaster and...
We will certainly
also be talking about climate
if we can link it to some kind of scandal.
a specific case.
Look at what is happening in Estonia.
look at what is happening in Europe.
Left-wing parties everywhere.
such as Democrats in America.
they have gone completely crazy.
There is no common sense there.
there are no more natural instincts.
There is some kind of distorted brain.
some hallucinations.
I completely condemn this.
This is not a government position.
Sõrve Peninsula. Saaremaa
You can just put the number in this box.
We just need to know
how many people are here.
KINGDOM OF TORGU XXVII
Approximate schedule
Today. of course.
we are actually celebrating
the 27th anniversary
of the coronation of the king.
because what kingdom is it
without the crowned king.
But he apologized for his health again.
but this is important.
so I will read out his message:
Good people of Sõrve
and friendly neighbors.
Due to the loss
of the municipality's independence.
the kingdom.
which has slept in the shadows.
is now waking up more and more.
In addition to the flag.
the kingdom now has a coat of arms.
invented by the women of folk dance.
We have our money. which was washed
with vodka by the king's deputy Valdek
and now we also have our anthem.
for which we thank Õie and Peeter.
I know for sure that our friends.
the Seto. also have an anthem.
they established their kingdom
following our example two years later.
There have been no more brave people.
but both the kingdoms of TORGU and Seto
have become indestructible.
because they live in the hearts
of their people.
I. King Kirill of TORGU.
by the grace of Hänga Leevi.
have the pleasure to greet
all the people of Saaremaa. Muhumaa
and. of course. the people of Sõrve.
Community life has worked for as long
as we know humanity.
Kaupo Vipp
Guardian of the Kingdom of TORGU
Consequently. the community life
is something we can certainly rely on
when this technocratic system collapses.
Today. at the king's command.
the day is a little longer.
The sun goes down later.
Have you tried this?
- No.
No?
- Where are you from?
I'm from everywhere.
I'm from Big-Sõrve.
this side of the Nasva River.
THE EARTH SUFFERS FROM CONSUMPTION
We are here today to draw attention
to the global climate
and environmental disaster.
Many rural areas
have already become uninhabitable.
In Estonia. the number of days
when the land is covered with snow
has decreased by an average
of thirty-three days a year.
Excessive consumption
and careless use of natural resources
have brought us to the brink of disaster.
There was no snow this year.
The Year of the Earth Pig
ended with a spectacular concert
and the new Year of the Rat was welcomed.
There was a lot of talk
about China in general.
about the growth
of its economic influence.
and about a new virus that will soon
make the whole world stand still.
How do we know what nature wants?
How do we know that?
Nature itself is the will.
March 22. 2020